Privacy Policy for Blitz-Trigger

Last Updated: 08/21/2023

StormieCZ ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Blitz-Trigger app (the "App"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the App.

Information Collection and Use

While using our App, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, and other relevant information ("Personal Information").

Log Data

Like many app operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you use our App ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our App that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with small amounts of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web app and stored on your computer's hard drive.

We use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our App.

Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of 08/21/2023 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the App after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at discord.gg/hhrTKMgB8y.

By using the App, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

End of Privacy Policy
