Terms of Service (TOS) for Blitz-Trigger

Last Updated: 8/21/2023

Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms") carefully before using Blitz-Trigger (the "App") operated by StormieCZ.

Your access to and use of the App is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users, and others who access or use the App.

By accessing or using the App, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms, then you may not access the App.

Content

Our App allows you to gain an unfair advantage in the game Valorant made by Riot Games.

You are responsible for ensuring that your use of the App and any content you provide comply with applicable laws and regulations.

Prohibited Activities

You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities:

Using the App for any unlawful purpose or in violation of any applicable laws.
Modifying, reverse engineering, decompiling, or disassembling any part of the App.
Attempting to gain unauthorized access to the App or its related systems or networks.
Uploading or sharing any content that is abusive, defamatory, obscene, or infringing upon any intellectual property rights.
Disclaimer

The App is provided on an "as is" basis. We make no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaim and negate all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.

Limitation of Liability

In no event shall StormieCZ be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the App.

Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Czech Republic, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Changes

We reserve the right to update or change these Terms at any time without prior notice. It is your responsibility to review these Terms periodically for changes.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at [your contact information].

By accessing or using the App, you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the App.

End of Terms of Service
